Please make fun of the nine clans
Obsessive scourge Kyushu
Please don't be angry with the people
Mu Zhuozhuo Qingqi
It is a blessing to have a state master like you in Zhongzhou
But there are such nine clans
Is a disaster
Blessings and disasters have their own heaven
People are doing it and the sky is watching
Some things can't be undone if you want to undo them
Is it really impossible to change?
Just be a must for seven clouds
The Fox Returns to Heaven
Could it be that the Heavenly Demon King is in Kyushu?
What's wrong what's wrong
It looked like he was pissed off State Lord Mu
He is the root of the disaster
Yes, it was him.
Old Zhaozhu pleads for the people
Generous
It's a pity
Killed by you rabble
Aren't you afraid of retribution?
Hahahaha
Where did this come from?
Hey, what's going on?
What's going on?
Meng Po
It's just a wave of small earthquake rods
How can there be an earthquake?
Heaven and earth shake
This is just a warning.
Ignore this little movement
If you are stubborn
That will kill itself
I'd like to see how you make me sink and perish